The item has been found.
Since you sent someone to steal,
you should know
that your big brother is already dead.
I only just received the news.
It was my big brother who,
at the club,
owed a huge debt,
so I arranged
for someone to steal.
Mr. Huo, please don’t misunderstand.
I absolutely didn’t mean to sabotage
your business.
Oh, is that so?
Your people, last night,
went to the Meinan River, didn’t they?
Indeed, I had people
watching Paul all night.
By chance, I found that girl,
who witnessed Hou Jiuling and his crew killing.
But she didn’t pursue it,
and instead let her go.
That girl, to Hou Jiuling,
might be special.
That’s why I arranged for her to sneak into the private room.
Mr. Huo…
Afraid I’ll kill you?
Relax.
There’s just something I’d like to discuss with you.
Mr. Huo, please, go ahead.